Imitating the process of the 86 million neurons in our brain, artificial neural networks learn and adapt to changing patterns. Flows, connections, and economies rely on the highly complex invisible abstract systems. As the backbone of economy, physical networks mix with the non-physical to collectively push the boundaries of the doctrine of continuous growth, rendering enormous pressure on the critical segments of the Blue Banana to adapt itself constantly. The lack of competition due to the nationalization of rail in 1902, the main infrastructure neglected progress, and the interference of networks on various scales. Despite loss records of 30 million per year and still dependent on state money, the original green freight transport solution tempted the economy due to the lack of flexibility to use other adaptable but C02 intensive solutions. Tunnels, new underground solutions, or more tracks do not solve the fundamental problem of interconnecting the economy with the railway, leaving the most considerable, theoretical space-efficient, infrastructure under-utilized and rigid. Trapped in the narrow valley between the Lötschberg and the Simplon tracks unbound colonized space of nature, forced the Rhone into the smallest possible section. As a result of an adverse change in precipitation and temperature, the river, as well as changing social Patterns due to the compressed connection of territories, put enormous pressure on the space. For decades, the housing issue of Saisoniers, which enabled this infrastructure, has been swept under the carpet. Confronting the limited area, infrastructure should now adapt to changing Patterns. Using the vertical dimension of space, the shunting and storage system opens up new dimensions for automation and efficiency. Capable of modifying negative emissions into positive synergies for its surroundings, using the available potential energy to break damaging energy peaks, to ensure a balanced environment. This is inevitable to grant the function of space, ecology, social habitat, and hence infrastructure to be in harmony with durability.



Ort: Brig
Zeitraum: 2022
Art: Master's thesis
Status: Abgeschlossen
Nummer: NEIN